Fix #1140: Update JVM to 25 (#1141)
wultra/powerauth-push-server: docs/PowerAuth-Push-Server-2.2.0.md

# Migration from 2.1.x to 2.2.x

No migration steps are necessary for update of Push Server version from `2.1.x` to `2.2.0`.

## Dependency Updates

### Docker Base Image Upgrade

The Docker base image has been upgraded from `ibm-semeru-runtimes:open-21.0.9_10-jre-noble` (OpenJDK 21) to `ibm-semeru-runtimes:open-jdk-25.0.3.0-jre-noble` (OpenJDK 25).
No action is required.

### Spring Boot 4 and Jackson 3

> PowerAuth Cloud has been migrated to Spring Boot 4 and Jackson 3.

Author: ```suggestion
PowerAuth Push Server has been migrated to Spring Boot 4 and Jackson 3.
```
